This section contains functions to perform transformations on redcap records. 

# Move Record
To move a record to another arm, you must technically delete the record and then add it again. Since the record to delete is identified by the record id it does not care about the arm, and will delete the data you just imported to a new arm. The writers of this script learned that the hard way (see recovery script below).



# Restore Record
To restore a record you accidentally deleted, 

1. log into your project on redcap and navigate to Logging to see an audit trail of all operations performed on that project. You will first see the record of your deletion, but if you keep going back, you may be able to find records of its creation and updates. 
2. Copy and paste all fields you can find matching your record ID into a text file.
3. Right now the script needs a little help as it has no way of knowing if the next iteration of the loop (next line) really belongs as part of one answer. Sometimes answers are randomly split onto new lines, but fortunately, each question always is. So go through and remove random newlines. Some other formatting is not handled yet. For large blocks that are cumbersome to repair, you might consider cutting them out and pasting them in a new text file to test or upload manually, so that you can still restore most of the data.

Do not copy and paste from the csv file generated by logging as it does not separate fields by lines, which this script relies on.

4. pass the path to the text file, the project name (make sure it is set in ./configs/redcap.py), and then the name of the arm to place the record into the function restoreRecord()

